hey what's up my Koopa Troopa coups and
welcome back some more plants vs.
zombies izombie we're now on three hit
wonder after beatings on boogie last
time we got to still eat all the brains
to pass level now you can see we've got
a bunch more zombies to choose from and
a bunch of things going on here it is
gonna be challenging let's see here what
we could do here that 4th Lane is let's
say we don't have a pole vault zombie we
do have a conehead zombies a little bit
cheaper than the bucket head as well as
his bucket won't be taken away but we
also know have the little midget zombie
that's interesting why would we have the
midget zombie he's cheap well he's got
the same as regular zombie and he's
light any day he takes less damage
before he dies I can go ahead and use
one right here if I wanted to because we
don't have a pole vault guy so I use one
right here like this he'll blow up and
then I can use a second one right here
now this guy is gonna take half a year
pretty much to get through that walnut
but that is the best use of Sun right
there as opposed to spending more
somewhere else now my other problems
going to come up on those other lanes
now how am I gonna defeat some these
other lanes here I do have a digger
zombie you can come from behind however
we do have a problem here with the
magnet shrooms because if I use a digger
zombie there's they're gonna steal his a
pickaxe there so he couldn't make it
through so now I got some Sun from this
little midget zombie going through here
I'm gonna need to get rid of these other
things back here maybe go ahead and oh I
don't know that one legs can pose a
problem I have to see here I guess I
could pull up those two in the front one
I could maybe use a bucket zombie to eat
through it no the bucket tom is gonna
lose his helmet right away isn't he so
that's gonna be a problem so I really
need to pull these things out don't I
I'm gonna come down here and grab this
one and maybe come down here and grab
this one as well I'm not sure that's the
smartest way of doing it but that'll
really help me out if I can get that
going like that now I can use probably
just a straight-up bucket zombie to eat
through here he should I think he'll
make it
oh it's challenging I don't know there's
a walnut why do you think a bucket sonmi
can make it through I'm not entirely
sure not entirely sure if you can make
it
through or not I'll give it a try CV can
now I have it there's stuff in the back
here I can go ahead and use a digger one
here I think will be the best route
he'll go past all that stuff come back
and eat all the way through we'll see if
that bucket zombie can make it through
or not I need to go ahead and get rid of
these squashes in the only way I'd
really know how is to go ahead and just
make them go themselves like this so
that'll get rid of one of them this will
get rid of the second one right there
and I can use one more little midget guy
and he will be able to make his way all
the way through as well eat some extra
Sun for me a bucket zombie is not gonna
make it I think I think I chose wrongly
there as he's still not done with that
yet I'm gonna wait for him to get
through that I'm gonna send a cone head
behind him the cone head guy can
hopefully make it all the way through I
don't know oh I don't know either
actually yet the cone net guy's gonna at
least eat that one but I might have
still misspoke I don't know if I'm gonna
make it all the way through her yet or
not I'll go ahead and grab a little
midget guy here cuz he's gonna need to
use that to get through ooh I don't know
Oh his cones gone we're gonna be in
trouble here he can get through that one
I'm gonna use his uh body as a human
shield shield there real fast
can he make it through nope there goes
his head but however he did stall for
enough time that I think my second cone
head zombie will make it through so I
did maybe use the most efficient sense
of plants there but it did work out
nonetheless now here's going to be an
issue I could maybe Buckethead this top
row right here and then maybe send him I
don't know if the bucket hood guy can
make it through or not that walnut took
way longer than I thought it was going
to take to eat through it you know so
that was my big problem there if the
bucket guy makes it through he's going
to get killed by the potato mine but
that's okay that's we're using him for I
didn't use a digger because the digger
would just get killed instantly and I
have to use something more offensive in
the front
so there we go I think that guy as long
as you can eat to that last plan I can
send one of these little midget guys to
make it all the way through let's see if
you can do it and perfect I'm gonna send
this guy from the way back just for fun
because he's very fast and I don't want
him getting hit actually I guess it
doesn't really matter who gets hit but
my bucket head guy is gonna die and
little midget guy is gonna come all the
way for now he's not called a midget guy
I gotta use the right term don't I let's
see what is his name he is he is a nib
he may be small but he's wiry he is
proficient in Sami judo Zama karate and
zombie bare-knuckle brawl he also plays
the melodica okay so yes he is an imp
not a little midget guy he is an imp but
there goes the amp he's gonna eat that
and that is gonna be the last little
brain that I needed to do so nicely done
they're zombies nicely done we were able
to make it all the way through that was
another challenging one because I
couldn't use my digger guy right away I
had to really pick those guys out and I
didn't use the ladder zombie I maybe
could have done that after I taken care
of those two guys as opposed to using
the bucket had that very bottom lane
I could have set up that ladder then I
probably could use just one cone head as
opposed to using two cone heads that
would have saved me some Sun that way I
got to think a little bit more next time
but hopefully you guys enjoyed that one
next time we'll be doing all your brains
are belong to us till then guys take it
easy peace
you